..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index:: Releases
.. _releases-10-0:

=============
Releases 10.0
=============

Release 10.0.2
==============

**Important**:
This version contains CVE-2021-44228 fixes for users, who starting
the Tika Server-daemons within TYPO3 BE or using Tika app modes.
All users using dedicated Tika server or Apache Solr Tika cell connections do not benefit from the update
and should harden the Solr Servers and/or Tika Servers with official CVE-2021-44228 patches manually.

Manual action required for Tika App or enabled Tika Server module

Please note that the release does not automatically include security measures against CVE-2021-44228. Rather, it is
now possible to specify additional parameters that can be passed when the java binary is executed.
The parameters can be set using the extension configuration javaCommandOptions.
Example:

.. code-block::

   # LocalConfiguration.php
   return [
       'EXTENSIONS' => [
           'tika' => [
               'javaCommandOptions' => '-Dlog4j2.formatMsgNoLookups=true',
           ],
       ],
   ];


==========================================================
Apache Solr for TYPO3 - Tika Addon version 10.0.1 released
==========================================================

**Important**:
This version contains CVE-2021-44228 fixes for users, who starting
the Tika Server-daemons within TYPO3 BE or using Tika app modes.
All users using dedicated Tika server or Apache Solr Tika cell connections do not benefit from the update
and should harden the Solr Servers and/or Tika Servers with official CVE-2021-44228 patches manually.

==========================================================
Apache Solr for TYPO3 - Tika Addon version 10.0.0 released
==========================================================

We are happy to announce version 10.0.0 of EXT:tika.

**Important**: This version is compatible with 10 LTS only.


New in this Release
-------------------

[TASK] Introduce TYPO3 PSR-18 client (#156)
===========================================

   https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/156
   https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/issues/154

The implementation to fetch website content based on the stream context and
method 'file_get_content()' is removed. Instead the TYPO3 build in
HTTP client is in use to access the Tika server. This client supports
PSR-18 and allows to use proxy information configured in TYPO3.

Internally the string representation replaced by the URI interface.
This allows an easier and better way to handle server URIs.

Replace use of general exception with BadResponseException.
Log exception in case it should not thrown.

* Reduce log warnings while building supported mime types.
* Refactor unit and integration tests according to internal changes.
* Switch log severity from integer to LogLevel constants.
* Several code changes to method declaration.

[TASK] Refactor logging (#161)
==============================

   https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/161
   https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/issues/137
   https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/issues/160

Use LoggerAwareInterface and LoggerAwareTrait instead of setup logging over the log manager.

Replace log severity numbers with LogLevel constants. Set default level to debug.

Unit tests:

- Inject instance of NullLogger due changes to the logging behaviour.
- Access environment variables for unit and integration tests
  in order to allow different testing environments.

Contributors
------------

* Lars Tode
* Markus Friedrich
* Rafael Kähm

Thanks to everyone who helped in creating this release!

Also a big thanks to our partners that have joined the EB2021 program:

* +Pluswerk AG
* 711media websolutions GmbH
* Abt Sportsline GmbH
* ACO Severin Ahlmann GmbH & Co. KG
* AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH
* cosmoblonde GmbH
* creativ clicks GmbH
* cron IT GmbH
* CS2 AG
* CW Media & Systems
* Earlybird GmbH & Co KG
* FLOWSITE GmbH
* form4 GmbH & Co. KG
* Getdesigned GmbH
* Granpasso Digital Strategy GmbH
* Ikanos GmbH
* internezzo ag
* Intersim AG
* Ion2s GmbH
* Leitgab Gernot
* mellowmessage GmbH
* Moselwal Digitalagentur UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
* network.publishing Möller-Westbunk GmbH
* OST Ostschweizer Fachhochschule
* Plan.Net Suisse AG
* Provitex GmbH
* punkt.de GmbH
* queo GmbH
* Rechnungshof
* Schoene neue kinder GmbH
* SIT GmbH
* SIZ GmbH
* Stämpfli AG
* Triplesense Reply Frankfurt
* TWT reality bytes GmbH
* visol digitale Dienstleistungen GmbH
* Web Commerce GmbH
* webconsulting business services gmbh
* webschuppen GmbH
* Webstobe GmbH
* Webtech AG
* wow! solution
* XIMA MEDIA GmbH
* Bundesanstalt Statistik Österreich
* ECOS TECHNOLOGY GMBH
* Fachhochschule Erfurt
* Hochschule Furtwangen - IMZ Online-Services
* Hochschule Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences
* l'Autorité des marchés financiers
* La Financière agricole du Québec
* LfdA - Labor für digitale Angelegenheiten GmbH

How to Get Involved
-------------------

There are many ways to get involved with Apache Solr for TYPO3:

* Submit bug reports and feature requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr)
* Ask or help or answer questions in our [Slack channel](https://typo3.slack.com/messages/ext-solr/)
* Provide patches through Pull Request or review and comment on existing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr/pulls)
* Go to [www.typo3-solr.com](http://www.typo3-solr.com) or call [dkd](http://www.dkd.de) to sponsor the ongoing development of Apache Solr for TYPO3

Support us in 2021 by becoming an EB partner:

http://www.typo3-solr.com/en/contact/

or call:

+49 (0)69 - 2475218 0
