..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index:: Releases
.. .. _releases-archive-2-2::

============
Releases 2.2
============

Release 2.2.0
=============

We are happy to announce version 2.2.0 of EXT:tika.

New in this Release
-------------------

The following features have been added in this release:

Get supported extract file type from Tika
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Instead of using a hardcoded list of supported file types, we now get the supported types from tika, and allow the extraction from these types.

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/31

Support Apache Tika 1.14
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Since there as a change in the tika response in version 1.14 we adapted the detection, to check if the tika server is running.

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/44

Bugfixes
--------

Beside the features the following bugfixes are included:

Disable Language Extraction when using Solr Cell
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Language extraction is not supported with solr cell. Therefore it is disabled when solr cell is used.

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/41

Thanks
------

Thanks to all contributors

(patches, comments, bug reports, reviews, ... in alphabetical order)

* Ingo Renner
* Pierrick Caillon
* Thomas Hohn
* Timo Hund

Also a big thanks to our partners that have joined the EB2016 program:

* Arrabiata Solutions GmbH & Co. KG
* avonis
* Bank CIC AG
* Bitmotion GmbH
* Citkomm services GmbH
* cron IT
* CS2 AG
* Cosmoblonde GmbH
* Daniz online markting
* datenwerk innovationsagentur gmbh
* Die Medialen GmbH
* die_schnittsteller GmbH
* E-magineurs
* Fernando Hernáez Lopez
* Future Connection AG
* Gernot Leitgab
* .hausformat
* Hirsch & Wölfl GmbH
* hs-digital GmbH
* IHK Neubrandenburg
* internezzo AG
* jweiland.net
* L.N. Schaffrath DigitalMedien GmbH
* mehrwert intermediale kommunikation GmbH
* netlogix GmbH & Co. KG
* Pixel Ink
* Pixelpark AG
* pixolith GmbH & Co. KG
* polargold GmbH
* portrino GmbH
* Q3i GmbH & Co. KG
* raphael gmbh
* RUAG Corporate Services AG
* sitegeist media solutions GmbH
* ST3 Elkartea
* Star Finanz-Software Entwicklung und Vertriebs GmbH
* Stefan Galinski Interndienstleistungen
* Speedpartner GmbH
* sunzinet AG
* Systime A/S
* SYZYGY Deutschland GmbH
* tecsis GmbH
* web-vision GmbH
* websedit AG - Internetagentur
* Webstobe GmbH
* werkraum GmbH
* WIND Internet
* wow! solution
* zdreicon AG

Thanks also to our partners who already singed up for a 2017 partnership (EB2017):

* Amedick & Sommer Neue Medien GmbH
* cron IT GmbH
* b:dreizehn GmbH
* Die Medialen GmbH
* Leibniz Universität IT Services, Hannover
* LOUIS INTERNET
* polargold GmbH
* Mercedes-AMG GmbH
* Triplesense Reply GmbH
* zdreicom AG

Thanks to everyone who helped in creating this release!

How to Get Involved
-------------------

There are many ways to get involved with Apache Solr for TYPO3:

* Submit bug reports and feature requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr)
* Ask or help or answer questions in our [Slack channel](https://typo3.slack.com/messages/ext-solr/)
* Provide patches through Pull Request or review and comment on existing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr/pulls)
* Go to [www.typo3-solr.com](http://www.typo3-solr.com) or call [dkd](http://www.dkd.de) to sponsor the ongoing development of Apache Solr for TYPO3

Support us in 2017 by becoming an EB partner:

http://www.typo3-solr.com/en/contact/

or call:

+49 (0)69 - 2475218 0
