..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index:: Releases
..  _releases-tika-3_0:

=============
Release 3.0.0
=============

..  include:: ../HintAboutOutdatedChangelog.rst.txt

We are happy to announce version 3.0.0 of EXT:tika.

New in this Release
-------------------

This release contains only a few features and bugfixes

Compatibility for EXT:solr 8.0.0
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There where several changes in EXT:solr 8.0.0 that requires adaptions in EXT:tika:

* The ExtractionQuery was moved into "Domain\Search\Query\"
* Usage of TYPO3_user_agent constant is deprecated
* Solr Service was splitted into read and write services

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/83
https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/82

Add size limit for extracted files
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By now EXT:tika tried to extract the content of a file no matter how big it was. For very large files this could lead to errors
and it was not possible to exclude them.

Now you can configure a limit in the extension configuration (fileSizeLimit). Above this limit a file will not we used for extraction.

By default the limit is 500 MB

Thanks: Thanks to SYZYGY for sponsoring this feature!

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/77

Unlink tempfile only when it exists
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By now EXT:tika tried to delete a tempfile without checking if the file reaöly exists. No it will only be deleted when it exists.

https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/79

Thanks
------

Thanks to all contributors

(patches, comments, bug reports, reviews, ... in alphabetical order)

* Rafael Kähm
* Timo Hund

Also a big thanks to our partners that have joined the EB2018 program:

* Albervanderveen
* Amedick & Sommer
* AUSY SA
* bgm Websolutions GmbH
* Citkomm services GmbH
* Consulting Piezunka und Schamoni - Information Technologies GmbH
* Cows Online GmbH
* food media Frank Wörner
* FTI Touristik GmbH
* Hirsch & Wölfl GmbH
* Hochschule Furtwangen
* JUNGMUT Communications GmbH
* Kreis Coesfeld
* LOUIS INTERNET GmbH
* L.N. Schaffrath DigitalMedien GmbH
* Mercedes AMG GmbH
* Petz & Co
* Pluswerk AG
* ressourcenmangel an der panke GmbH
* Site'nGo
* Studio B12 GmbH
* systime
* Talleux & Zöllner GbR
* TOUMORO
* TWT Interactive GmbH

Special thanks to our premium EB 2018 partners:

* b13 http://www.b13.de/
* dkd http://www.dkd.de/
* jweiland.net http://www.jweiland.net/

Thanks to everyone who helped in creating this release!

How to Get Involved
-------------------

There are many ways to get involved with Apache Solr for TYPO3:

* Submit bug reports and feature requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr)
* Ask or help or answer questions in our [Slack channel](https://typo3.slack.com/messages/ext-solr/)
* Provide patches through Pull Request or review and comment on existing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr/pulls)
* Go to [www.typo3-solr.com](http://www.typo3-solr.com) or call [dkd](http://www.dkd.de) to sponsor the ongoing development of Apache Solr for TYPO3

Support us in 2018 by becoming an EB partner:

http://www.typo3-solr.com/en/contact/

or call:

+49 (0)69 - 2475218 0
