..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index:: Releases
..  _releases-tika-6_0:

=============
Release 6.0.2
=============

..  include:: ../HintAboutOutdatedChangelog.rst.txt

**Important**:
This version contains CVE-2021-44228 fixes for users, who starting
the Tika Server-daemons within TYPO3 BE or using Tika app modes.
All users using dedicated Tika server or Apache Solr Tika cell connections do not benefit from the update
and should harden the Solr Servers and/or Tika Servers with official CVE-2021-44228 patches manually.

Manual action required for Tika App or enabled Tika Server module

Please note that the release does not automatically include security measures against CVE-2021-44228. Rather, it is
now possible to specify additional parameters that can be passed when the java binary is executed.
The parameters can be set using the extension configuration javaCommandOptions.
Example:

.. code-block::

   # LocalConfiguration.php
   return [
       'EXTENSIONS' => [
           'tika' => [
               'javaCommandOptions' => '-Dlog4j2.formatMsgNoLookups=true',
           ],
       ],
   ];

=============
Release 6.0.1
=============

**Important**:
This version contains CVE-2021-44228 fixes for users, who starting
the Tika Server-daemons within TYPO3 BE or using Tika app modes.
All users using dedicated Tika server or Apache Solr Tika cell connections do not benefit from the update
and should harden the Solr Servers and/or Tika Servers with official CVE-2021-44228 patches manually.

=============
Release 6.0.0
=============

We are happy to announce version 6.0.0 of EXT:tika.

New in this Release
-------------------

[FEATURE] Allow driver configuration for extractor services
  https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/142

To be able to extract data for files from file storages with other drivers, a
configuration option is added to the extension.

Usage:

.. code-block::

   $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['EXTCONF']['tika']['extractor']['driverRestrictions'][] = 'MaxServ.FalS3';


[BUGFIX] wrong width and height properties taken from EXIF
  https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-tika/pull/124

[FEATURE] Tika version 1.24 supported
  EXT:tika is now tested against version 1.24 of Apache Tika.

Thanks
------

* Nicole Cordes
* Rostyslav Matviyiv

Thanks to everyone who helped in creating this release!

How to Get Involved
-------------------

There are many ways to get involved with Apache Solr for TYPO3:

* Submit bug reports and feature requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr)
* Ask or help or answer questions in our [Slack channel](https://typo3.slack.com/messages/ext-solr/)
* Provide patches through Pull Request or review and comment on existing [Pull Requests](https://github.com/TYPO3-Solr/ext-solr/pulls)
* Go to [www.typo3-solr.com](http://www.typo3-solr.com) or call [dkd](http://www.dkd.de) to sponsor the ongoing development of Apache Solr for TYPO3

Support us in 2020 by becoming an EB partner:

http://www.typo3-solr.com/en/contact/

or call:

+49 (0)69 - 2475218 0
